Simply RISC S1 Core - Support and References
============================================

The S1 Core has been developed by Simply RISC LLP and
the OpenCores community, and it's been released as
Free Hardware Design under the GPL license version 2.
You have all the freedom granted by this license, but
to avoid legal problems we have to state clearly that:

1) all the files bundled with this package come
WITHOUT WARRANTY, so USE THEM AT YOUR OWN RISK;

2) you do NOT have the right to pretend the support
you need from Simply RISC LLP.

Anyway we will try to provide all the free support
that we can, and now we try to list how to ask for
it.

Basically since the S1 Core is based upon the OpenSPARC
T1 microprocessor released by Sun Microsystems, for
issues related with the SPARC Core inside the S1 you
can refer to the OpenSPARC website:

  http://www.opensparc.net

In the documentation section of this site you will
find several documents about the SPARC v9 64-bit
Instruction Set Architecture (you should be able to
read them without registration).

For the specification of the T1 implementation of
the 64-bit SPARC ISA you need a free registration
to download the full design (it's a very large file)
that contains also the full specification of the T1
microprocessor.

On the OpenSPARC website listed above there are also
public forums online where you can ask for free
support.

If you need support about the Wishbone Interconnect,
the URL you need is:

  http://www.opencores.org

Here you will find also several other cores that can
be connected to the S1 seamlessly; again, there are
mailing lists available from this site when you can
discuss with real experts about your problems with
the Wishbone interconnect protocol.

If you still need support or you want to take part
in the development of the S1 Core, then you can
contact us at

  support@srisc.com

and we will try to help you if possible. If you find
something that can be corrected and/or improved in
the design or in the documentation please let us know
and we will fix it in the next release.

To see if there is a new release available just check
from time to time on the Simply RISC website:

  http://www.srisc.com

